
set rond elke Log if(doLog)
Add WearOS option to mirror

Longer sensorid Dexcom

Add multiple alarms with different times.

Remove meer c++ code met #ifdef SIBIONICS DEXCOM LIBRE3
No am/pm for current time

Look at order complication types


Enter numbers on all devices.


naar Libreview  in WearOS

In plaats van uitzetten "Send amounts" maken dat erop klikken uitleg geeft.
   $m/settings/LibreNumberHolder.java
   $m/settings/LibreNumbers.java
Toevoegen toelichting?


Makkelijkere reset en restore

Seconden toevoegen aan tijd punten? Minuten afronden naar seconden.


Betere barcode scanner, keuze optie?

Remove start and stop search for sensors.

Simple WearOS manual.
Simple Libre3 manual.

Verwijderen files die niet gebruikt worden.
Parallel sibionics in manual
Meerdere alarmen?
Refer to direct watch manual.

Send from watch to Libreview

try out updates
Complete OpenGL mirror version for windows, Linux, IOS and AsteroidOS
	AsteroidOS Bluetooth, NFC
Simplified version that immediately updates values, instead of dependence on poll frequency.

Iets met instellen IOB:
	- Instellen variabele categorien?
	- Verschillende typen insuline
	- ga geen nummers af als er geen Insuline category bestaat.

Help:
	- uploader, broadcast. Bij langzame hologe/telefoon kan android device laten slapen voordat alles afgehandeld wordt.
	Verander inleidende tekst:

Version for Android Wear and Huawei watch 4 and ColorOS?
- Of grootte testen en WearOS opmaak gebruiken.
- Speciale compile for watch?

Use libreids for web server and uploads.

Add NFC/Bluetooth glucose meters?
IOB beter:
	- langer dan 6 uur

Watchdrip stoppen alarm?
- Voorkomen dat oude waarden gezonden worden:
	- Aangeven vanaf wanneer
	- Informatie vanaf telefoon naar horloge
Clicken ofzo op floating glucose app laten starten?

Ook scans tonen in Nightscout server?

Nightscout Webserver

Helptext:
	- mg/dL pictures
	- Manual title
	- links in libreview, watch
	- links to overview
	- add translations

Make interface truncate alarm thresholds etc ?

Ask leave without saving in:
	-add connection
	-settings
TALK also in WearOS versie?

Blind:
	- Long press History read text too long
	- spreek statistiek
	- View under shortcuts is spoken out.
	- Glucose:
		- Glucose lijst, 
		- Glucose bij amounts. Mogelijkheden:
			- Toevoegen aan modificatie scherm. Nadeel: verwarrend, gecompliceerd;
	- read end date?

Option to use a different http Web server port?
Problem: xDrip watch apps don't work with a different port

Analyse History values for statistics:
    - how interpolate to so values are aligned?

Toon glucose waarde op webpagina als nightscout url opgevraagd wordt.
- pijljes
- glucose waarde
- tijd/age

Use end thread ook in Libre3

Write frequently asked questions.


Do something with webpages:
	- more about Libre 3


Make accessible for the blind:
	Search control buttons unlabeled.
	raakt underliggende vensers



Separate android from rest in cpp
Maak het makkelijker mirror connectie tussen smartphones te vormen:
	- script om cloud server in te richten?
Analyse Libre 3 PatchEvents and scans to generate error messages:  replace sensor, sensor ended etc.


Do iets met libre3 events:
- Remove?
- LOG?

Test apps?
send to tidepool
Categories set somewhere else in app:
	add BG category?


show serialnumbers bij scan errors

Statistics ook van history 5 en 15

Wacht op meer informatie

Make also an history and backfill and amounts broadcasts?  Better some other interface.

Deactivate dialogs in for example meals.

Als Bluetooth aangezet wordt, wordt oldnotification niet uitgevoerd.

Herschrijven documentatie:
-Sensor Errors
- Do not disturbe


Kijk naar scope in watchface
Refresh screen libreview

Multidata app mogelijk maken.

Add to add watch, de mogelijkheid broadcast op te vangen en via android app of phone of direct in wearos app op te vangen.
Write watch face on broadcast. 
Watchface more configuratie mogelijkheden
savepollallIDs zet datums enkel als start terug gaat.
Removes XX from sensorname.
Write Mirror connection guide.


Move in glucose in Status bar

Add the following lines to your proguard configuration.

-renamesourcefileattribute SourceFile
-keepattributes SourceFile,LineNumberTable
Now your stack traces will include line numbers, and by using the retrace tool that ships with proguard (included in the Android SDK), you are able to debug like normal.

Note that even if you didn't use these two configuration options, retrace still can output useful information provided you have the mappings file, albeit not totally unambiguously.

Note: the file with the mappings is produced by the proguard configuration option:

 -printmapping outputfile.txt


The Urgent Low Soon alert is designed to notify you when your Dexcom G6 reading is predicted to reach 55 mg/dL within 20 minutes. The Fall Rate is designed to notify you when your glucose level is falling 2 or 3 mg/dL each minute. For more information, please visit page 144 in our Dexcom G6 CGM User Guide.

Calibratie

Onnodige libraries eruit gooien:
- Kotlin weg?


Waarschuwingen aflopen
Test Android 12

Disable/enable librelink

Test librelink running

Exchange netinfo knop.



aparte notification in Notify
Wordt scaninfomatie verwijderd?

turn off in watch Natives.getusegarmin()

Extra notificatie met setTimeoutAfter?



add running librelink to sensor status:
    - requires queries for every libre app in every country
    - killing is not possible

test also on hostname for localhost only


watch ip is verschilllend afhankelijk via bluetooth or wifi.

Netwerk Informatie schermpje?


zet network weer af als er geen is.
